Spring is nature's way of saying, 'Let's party!'^Robin Williams
Though I do not believe that a plant will spring up where no seed has been, I have great faith in a seed... Convince me that you have a seed there, and I am prepared to expect wonders.^Henry David Thoreau
To find the universal elements enough; to find the air and the water exhilarating; to be refreshed by a morning walk or an evening saunter... to be thrilled by the stars at night; to be elated over a bird's nest or a wildflower in spring - these are some of the rewards of the simple life.^John Burroughs
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished.^Lao Tzu
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.^Soren Kierkegaard
There are moments when all anxiety and stated toil are becalmed in the infinite leisure and repose of nature.^Henry David Thoreau
The fact that I can plant a seed and it becomes a flower, share a bit of knowledge and it becomes another's, smile at someone and receive a smile in return, are to me continual spiritual exercises.^Leo Buscaglia
When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down 'happy'. They told me I didn't understand the assignment, and I told them they didn't understand life.^John Lennon
I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.^Audrey Hepburn
In my own life, as the nearer I get to the end of life on this earth, the simpler I want to become.^Fred Rogers
We are cups, constantly and quietly being filled. The trick is, knowing how to tip ourselves over and let the beautiful stuff out.^Ray Bradbury
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.^Mother Teresa
Let us endeavor so to live so that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.^Mark Twain
Never be in a hurry; do everything quietly and in a calm spirit. Do not lose your inner peace for anything whatsoever, even if your whole world seems upset.^Saint Francis de Sales
I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to.^Jimi Hendrix
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.^Confucius
Let every dawn be to you as the beginning of life, and every setting sun be to you as its close.^John Ruskin
Open your eyes, look within. Are you satisfied with the life you're living?^Bob Marley
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.^Ralph Waldo Emerson
All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence.^Martin Luther King, Jr.
Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.^Desmond Tutu
Watch out for each other. Love everyone and forgive everyone, including yourself. Forgive your anger. Forgive your guilt. Your shame. Your sadness. Embrace and open up your love, your joy, your truth, and most especially your heart.^Jim Henson
I don't believe people are looking for the meaning of life as much as they are looking for the experience of being alive.^Joseph Campbell
Some people look for a beautiful place. Others make a place beautiful.^Hazrat Inayat Khan
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.^Audrey Hepburn
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.^Lao Tzu
If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.^Lewis Carroll
To be interested in the changing seasons is a happier state of mind than to be hopelessly in love with spring.^George Santayana
What is important in life is life, and not the result of life.^Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
When I wake up, I expect things to be good. If they're not, then I try to set about trying to make them as good as I can 'cause I know I'm gonna have to live that day anyway. So why not try to make the most of it if you can? Some days, they pan out a little better than others, but you still gotta always just try.^Dolly Parton
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind.^Dr. Seuss
It's a helluva start, being able to recognize what makes you happy.^Lucille Ball
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.^Martin Luther King, Jr.
Nothing great is created suddenly, any more than a bunch of grapes or a fig. If you tell me that you desire a fig. I answer you that there must be time. Let it first blossom, then bear fruit, then ripen.^Epictetus
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.^Aristotle
Our identity includes our natural world, how we move through it, how we interact with it and how it sustains us.^David Suzuki
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.^Joseph Campbell
It does not require many words to speak the truth.^Chief Joseph, Nez Perce
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.^Marcus Aurelius
It's only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth - and that we have no way of knowing when our time is up, we will then begin to live each day to the fullest, as if it was the only one we had.^Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.^Lao Tzu
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.^Warren Buffett
One today is worth two tomorrows.^Benjamin Franklin
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.^William Shakespeare
I have always believed, and I still believe, that whatever good or bad fortune may come our way we can always give it meaning and transform it into something of value.^Hermann Hesse
Rest is not idleness, and to lie sometimes on the grass under trees on a summer's day, listening to the murmur of the water, or watching the clouds float across the sky, is by no means a waste of time.^John Lubbock
There is something infinitely healing in the repeated refrains of nature -- the assurance that dawn comes after night, and spring after winter.^Rachel Carson
Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow's reality.^Malala Yousafzai
Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts.^Charles Dickens
Learning how to be still, to really be still and let life happen - that stillness becomes a radiance.^Morgan Freeman
What is life? It is the flash of a firefly in the night. It is the breath of a buffalo in the wintertime. It is the little shadow which runs across the grass and loses itself in the sunset.^Blackfoot
And this, our life, exempt from public haunt, finds tongues in trees, books in the running brooks, sermons in stones, and good in everything.^William Shakespeare
There is more to life than increasing its speed.^Mahatma Gandhi
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.^Zig Ziglar
Health is the greatest gain, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship, freedom the greatest happiness.^Buddha
The Indian Summer of life should be a little sunny and a little sad, like the season, and infinite in wealth and depth of tone, but never hustled.^Henry Adams
There is a harmony in autumn, and a luster in its sky, which through the summer is not heard or seen, as if it could not be, as if it had not been!^Percy Bysshe Shelley
Never jump into a pile of leaves with a wet sucker.^Linus Van Pelt
If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe.^Carl Sagan
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who'll decide where to go...^Dr. Seuss
In every outthrust headland, in every curving beach, in every grain of sand there is the story of the earth.^Rachel Carson
I learned this, at least, by my experiment: that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.^Henry David Thoreau
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.^George Bernard Shaw
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them.^Henry David Thoreau
Knowing that we can be loved exactly as we are gives us all the best opportunity for growing into the healthiest of people.^Fred Rogers
Play is often talked about as if it were a relief from serious learning. But for children play is serious learning. Play is really the work of childhood.^Fred Rogers
The more one does and sees and feels, the more one is able to do, and the more genuine may be one's appreciation of fundamental things like home, and love, and understanding companionship.^Amelia Earhart
Did I offer peace today? Did I bring a smile to someone's face? Did I say words of healing? Did I let go of my anger and resentment? Did I forgive? Did I love? These are the real questions. I must trust that the little bit of love that I sow now will bear many fruits, here in this world and the life to come.^Henri Nouwen
From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life.^Arthur Ashe
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.^Mark Twain
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.^Kurt Vonnegut
Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you!^Dr. Seuss
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death.^Leonardo da Vinci
If you're going through hell, keep going.^Winston Churchill
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.^Maya Angelou
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.^Albert Camus
In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.^Lao Tzu
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing.^Abraham Lincoln
Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it.^Albert Einstein
Life isn't a matter of milestones, but of moments.^Rose Kennedy
Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment.^R. Buckminster Fuller
He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature.^Socrates
It is never too late to be what you might have been.^George Eliot
We cannot stop the winter or the summer from coming. We cannot stop the spring or the fall or make them other than they are. They are gifts from the universe that we cannot refuse. But we can choose what we will contribute to life when each arrives.^Gary Zukav
In the depth of winter I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer.^Albert Camus
What is called genius is the abundance of life and health.^Henry David Thoreau
There is no more fatal blunderer than he who consumes the greater part of his life getting his living.^Henry David Thoreau
Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is!^Anne Frank
So be sure when you step, Step with care and great tact. And remember that life's A Great Balancing Act. And will you succeed? Yes! You will, indeed! (98 and ¾ percent guaranteed)^Dr. Seuss
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.^Robert Louis Stevenson
All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence.^Martin Luther King, Jr.
Nothing makes the earth seem so spacious as to have friends at a distance; they make the latitudes and longitudes.^Henry David Thoreau
The more clearly we can focus our attention on the wonders and realities of the universe about us, the less taste we shall have for destruction.^Rachel Carson
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.^Nathaniel Hawthorne
I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived.^Henry David Thoreau
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!^Audrey Hepburn
Let's think the unthinkable, let's do the undoable. Let us prepare to grapple with the ineffable itself, and see if we may not eff it after all.^Douglas Adams
There is no value in life except what you choose to place upon it and no happiness in any place except what you bring to it yourself.^Henry David Thoreau
There are no mistakes, only happy accidents.^Bob Ross
Why should we be in such desperate haste to succeed, and in such desperate enterprises? If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer.^Henry David Thoreau
When you were born, you cried, and the world rejoiced. Live your life so that when you die, the world cries and you rejoice.^Cherokee
People sacrifice the present for the future. But life is available only in the present. That is why we should walk in such a way that every step can bring us to the here and the now.^Thich Nhat Hanh
Folks are usually about as happy as they make their minds up to be.^Abraham Lincoln
Often it takes some calamity to make us live in the present. Then suddenly we wake up and see all the mistakes we have made.^Bill Watterson
The sun, with all those planets revolving around it and dependent on it, can still ripen a bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else in the universe to do.^Galileo Galilei
I accept chaos, I'm not sure whether it accepts me.^Bob Dylan
How strange that nature does not knock, and yet does not intrude!^Emily Dickinson
One's philosophy is not best expressed in words; it is expressed in the choices one makes... and the choices we make are ultimately our responsibility.^Eleanor Roosevelt
Even the seasons form a great circle in their changing, and always come back again to where they were. The life of a man is a circle from childhood to childhood, and so it is in everything where power moves.^Black Elk
I think the most important thing is to keep active and to hope that your mind stays active.^Jane Goodall
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.^Confucius
I had been educated in the rhythms of the mountain, rhythms in which change was never fundamental, only cyclical. The same sun appeared each morning, swept over the valley, and dropped behind the peak. The snows that fell in winter always melted in the spring.^Tara Westover